Describe actual purpose of the index keyword in TSCN file format (#6021)
godotengine/godot-docs: development/file_formats/tscn.rst

 - ``instance``
 - ``instance_placeholder``
 - ``owner``

>  - ``index`` (to set the order of appearance in the tree, if absent, inherited nodes will take precedence over plain ones)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - ``index`` (sets the order of appearance in the tree. If absent, inherited nodes will take precedence over plain ones)
```
